hi guys this is my first talk through a
video and today I'm going to be talking
about the color contact lenses
as you guys know I'm very very like
addicted to the color contact lenses and
I like to try out all kind of different
companies and you know and I'm going to
be talking about the day seal on
essential beauty lenses about the
Salonika contact lenses and I'm going to
be talking about the white collar icon
so first things first I would like to
talk about the Daisy Oh contact lenses
and I actually heard about and saw a lot
a lot of these reviews and the YouTube
videos on Instagram in YouTube
and I was kind of I kind of liked these
contact lenses and I wanted to try them
out but then for some time they were
sold out and then I actually got lucky
and I won them on the giveaway so the
contact lenses that I chose was innocent
white and desert dream they came in a
packaging like this and I'm going to
open and show it to you the I'm actually
wearing the desert dream I'm going to be
showing the up close for you guys but
but this is the packaging and I do I did
order with a prescription my
prescription is like - 0.50 oft very
wearable at first you feel a little
itchy but then they tend to dry
sometimes so you have to care with you
the tear drops um so I'm going to go
ahead and show you how it looks up close
these are the they Co the desert dream
and I'm going to show you how it looks
I'm also going to be posting on
Instagram the very clear up close look
uh and you'll be able to see the
comparison and the way it looks
so I actually forgot to mention that
this brand is Italian Brent needs in
it's made in Italy because 39 Europe
repaired and for the replacement it
would last you three about three months
which is not bad at all
the shipping to Europe it's about 8 to
15 days to United States and Canada
about 15 to 20 days and other countries
it takes about 20 to 30 days you're
wearing the Salah Turkish quartz oil a
natural car contact color contacts and
I'm wearing only on my right eye so I'm
going to just zoom it in so you could be
able to see how it looks this is my car
this is the Salonika
quartz oh and this is this desert dream
by deci oh the costs and the shipping
are with salah turkish color contacts
all the shipping takes about 15 to 25
business days plus is ninety nine
dollars and 26 cents and i believe there
is also a charge for the shipping hey
guys i'm back with a other color
contacts on and on my left i'm a very
pretty supplier blue color contact by
white contract colar and on my right eye
I'm wearing the innocent white um y jc--
oh um as you can see the innocent white
is more kind of like very light and it
has like a tint of blue in it and it
shows like you look it looks like kind
of like very light blue but um the
sapphire blue is also very pretty like
in person looks so much
as I was saying I'm just going to show
you if you're following me on Instagram
I'm just going to be posting all the
pictures where you can be able to see
the differences in the comparison so
here's I'm going to go ahead and zoom in
so you can see the comparison between
this two-step fire buh-bye why contract
lore and here is um innocent white by
Daisy Oh as far as the formula I'm using
the complete formula it's very
comfortable and it makes your administer
your color contacts feel very soft and
comfortable in the back or where the
description is it shows the step-by-step
description of how to use the contacts
and how to wash them and put them on and
with a y con charcoal or it takes about
six to ten business days in Europe
United States ten to 14 business days
Australia fourteen to sixteen business
days and other countries it takes about
10 to 20 business days and the cost is
32 years and 95 cents so this was the
review for today the car context and I
hope you guys like it you guys like it
just leave a comment you can ask me any
questions and you can also follow me on
Instagram and Facebook page and give it
a thumbs up if you liked it thank you so
much for watching bye bye